both side ang McFarland and Daniel's on
the move they faked the fly sweep and
it's gray for about a yard and that's
just about it just taking a page out of
the Baylor playbook from two weeks ago
toss sweep and gray is not going
anywhere Kansas State rising Malcolm
Brown is there with him McCoy's first
throw down the middle is batted down the
middle at Burton touchdown signal it
would have been a touchdown for Kansas
State we may never see that one again
and I hope we don't unusual situation
pick up a three on that last play second
nine and seven in a pistol set McCoy
with Malcolm Brown now flanking in on
the left side McCoy got to be careful
here over the middle completes it and
it's a first down to Malcolm Brown I'm
sure you know colt mccoy's younger
brother high snap he got it down and got
it to gray and gray goes down and
three receivers to the top of your
screen on second and 13 and brown will
get it on the ground
pump fakes throws across the middle and
throws a dart nice throw ritory for the
first time at the 48-yard line quick
pass complete out to shipley again jaxon
shipley field
as Holly said it's pretty loud out there
McCoy throws complete flags are down as
Davis got to the 30 earth Robert keep us
posted midfield third down 12 Texas
blitz coming McCoy wants to throw a
stream got it out there to brown he's
not going to get to the sticks but he
touched down here is critical Jonathan
Gray in a wildcat high snap and he gets
it to shipley and Shipley trying to cut
it outside get a long way to go and no
time to go 65 big target
mccoy running out of time that's the
last thing you want to happen
first out of Texas at its own 28 play
action for McCoy running out of time
down he goes I have to come up with a
big one here to pick up a third down
third and 13 and he throws deep middle
and he got it to shipley completion for
the first down pickup of 18 here's the
handoff the brown and Malcolm Brown into
the secondary Brown the tight end Greg
Daniels switches sides and I Jonathan
great comes back behind McCoy and he's
going to get the carry following his
blockers to the left side he's got a
first down inside without funky
formation this is an offensive lineman
here they throw to the end zone ship but
they covered him but they left simply
open and a nice job by McCoy getting the
ball to Saul game don't do something
that incites the crowd of this team Jana
the gray got across the 22
they fake it to him McCoy on the bootleg
there's 14 in a row and got it to brown
and brown got a first down at the 33
behind McCoy will get to carry he's had
a hard time finding some Running Room
Arthur Brown the king of the Texas
offense right now McCoy plenty of time
and apps row short to brown and brown is
going to be close to another first down
changeup personnel defensively here's a
counter to brown woman met head-on by
child's the linebacker and eat us he's
in there right now but it's going to be
McCoy and he's not going to get there
either he lost another half yard
Bergeron in there some was a fullback
Roberson will they run or throw on
fourth down a long yard they're going to
give him a shot and he got it nice run
by Bergeron he's third Colts for most
consecutive passes completed by Longhorn
let's see if he gets it pump fakes and
he goes deep and there's the first
incompletion turnovers that's been a big
part of their success all year McCoy
what's left comes back on the screen in
the middle and it's gray and he's all
the way out to the 40 yard line Malcolm
Brown in there to give gray a breather
those two have been alternating at
tailback and at brown and now end around
to Jones as one blocker in front cuts
back to the middle of the field and he's
got 10 maybe 11 come Brown as the
tailback Daniels its height and emotion
and it's brown it's an extra lineman and
it's
to the right second a goal at the tree
that's where they run and out of the one
goes Brown remettre and make a run throw
decision Brown touchdown afternoon
here's a little toss again the Johnson
this one worked for 70 yards take one of
those guys loose I really haven't got it
to Mike Davis much tonight their number
one wide receiver they're not going to
get it to anybody hearing the ball is
out to open up corner number four Texas
is right where they want to be in the
game but I don't think they can afford
another turnover I think this is a good
call and gray not only a good call but
he got it out of ten a lot of us from
their special teams and not being
penalized
Jonathan Gray nice Ron picked up
play action McCoy deep Shipley had his
hands up they're down and eight empty
backfield for Case McCoy throws and what
a throw to shipley and a first-down play
seven for the Longhorns
they fake the fly sweep go straight
ahead with a run and it's a good one by
Malcolm breath that's still 20 yards
away look
wants to throw a stream back the other
way and does Malcolm Brown cut down but
he got a first down on empty backfield
for McCoy looking right all away
great long-range field goal kicker
though 3rd and 16 they're going to throw
a slip screen right now they're three
minutes and 6 seconds away from their
bcs berth mccoy nice row to Bryant
Jackson man Jackson's off
Case McCoy over the middle one-handed
grab nice grab by Malcolm Brown that one
knocked down by Arthur Brown really
veteran leader type guys on both sides
of the ball Klein and brown the two that
stand out the most this row completes
Browns got it in touchdown texas